{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green68\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c0\c26667\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15840\viewh15380\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs30 \cf0 STANDARD REUNION PROCESS PROCEDURE\
\

\fs28 (1) Determine \'91wants handled.\'92 TL for its location. Tap In. (Induce mutual session if client is spouse,\
family member, close partner or deep friend). Surrender.\
(2) Entry Forms. Tap In. (If Entry Form is by Positive State, reword \'91wants handled\'92 into a\
positive outcome for the session and make a note of it.) \cf2 Assess Wave to get who or what is mirroring the forces\
at hand
\fs32 .\

\fs28 \cf0 (3) Determine the ISelf Recognitions level and nature of its awareness, and be that awareness\
(to weakness). Tap In.\
(4) Opening modes on active hand \'96 *Mutual, *Permission, *Seeding. Surrender with the seeding\
source to the divine\'92s guidance (to weakness). Tap In. (If called for by Entry Form, do the ID\
Process here.)\
(5) Enter with an active Entry Form file, or with the Seeding goto if there was one, or with the file\
required by Gates.\
(6) Be aware of the file size, note the tendency of the file outlined in its sidebar, and submode down\
the file. Indicate what the submode says. Tap In.\
(7) Go to the submode\'92s indicated goto and continue in the same way as above until:\
a) there is no submode goto, or\
b) a file is called for that has already been used in the session (with the exception of the Gates\
files, which can be repeated), or\
c) the goto file does not submode even if the handmode is loaded.\
(8) Facilitate the paragraph to weakness using the facilitation page of the first file in the paragraph\
that has a facilitation page. Tap Up. (If there are no files with facilitation pages in that paragraph,\
use General Facilitation.)\
(9) Continue creating paragraphs, using Gates files to enter each new paragraph (unless the previous\
paragraph facilitation had a goto, which then serves to start the new paragraph) until there is\
weakness with no active hand. Tap Up to ensure.\
(10) *Resolving \'96 Tap In. If *Resolving will not complete, go to But, *Helpmode, Implant, Code or Entry(ET) and start a new paragraph.\
With *Resolving in one hand, put in:\
a) *Time - nights, *Time - weeks, etc., to determine processing time\
b) Integrate Facilitation (if goes in, submode the file to determine the suggested action to be taken\
during processing)\
c) *Continue (if goes in, indicate another session may be needed on same \'91wants handled\'92)\
d) Ability (if goes in, submode file and have client get \'91climate\'92 of the ability). Run the End of Session Process.\
Tap Up.\
\
\
TROUBLESHOOTING:\
Being doubtful, feeling that your sessions are not working, or any other confusion regarding your abilities as\
a ReUnion facilitator.\
Use Facilitator Repair as the Entry Form for your next session on yourself.\
\
Doing self-sessions repeatedly on the same or similar 'wants handled', yet nothing seems to be shifting.\
When you do self-sessions, the facilitator 'part' of you operates through just one limited viewpoint which\
sometimes just doesn't see what it needs to regarding that particular 'wants handled.\
The solution is to have another facilitator give you a session on that same 'wants handled'. Since they have a\
different viewpoint than yourself, they will likely have a different view on your 'wants handled' and be able to\
guide you through an alternative session route that may actually shift the problem.\
\
During a session your hands become inactive (won\'92t TL or in strength but no active hand) or become\
confused (e.g. getting two different answers to the same question).\
Put your attention back on the original \'91wants handled\'92 TL and Tap In. This should reactivate your hands and\
re-clarify your muscle testing.\
\
You go through cycles of repeatedly getting the same submode number when you assess files.\
This is a signal for a tendency (a file) within yourself that you are not resolving.\
Do, or have done on you, a fresh session using SM Circuit as the Entry Form.\
\
Sessions feel mechanical or evasive.\
You must realize that you are facilitating with a hidden agenda.\
Outwardly, wanting to fix the client's problem is your agenda - and since the client also wants the same thing,\
it is an agenda known to both of you.\
But what might be hidden about this known agenda is the reason you want to fix the client in the first place.\
And for many, this is to be ADMIRED.\
Needing to be admired, liked, etc. is the basic introversion that pulls you into your forces regarding\
relationships of any kind. In a session, this hidden agenda creates an inner tension that compresses the flow of\
communication and energy between facilitator and client.\
For clean, alive and revealing sessions, simply put aside your hidden need to be admired.\
And the best way to do this is to have genuine love for the client.\
\
Your session feels as if it is not digging deeply enough.\
Load Res Degree and check the potency of the present session. Tap In. If potency is low (1-4), Tap Out this\
number by tapping on your thymus in the upper chest) and reload Res Degree. Then put in a higher potency\
resonance number on both hands, and take a big breath. Tap Up. Continue with the session from where you\
left off.\
\
You feel negative about, go into conflict with, your client during the session.\
Immediately load *Mutual on your own hand, and if it creates change, continue doing the session on a mutual\
basis with your client.\
}